# Minutes of March 9th Group Meeting

## COMP2913 Software Engineering Project Group Project

**Date**: 07.03.2022  
**Start Time**: 19:00  
**End Time**: 21:30  
**Location**: Online using Discord

**Present**: Hashir Ali, Omar Choudhry, Mohamed Fakeih, Alexandru-Iulian Magan, William Toon, Diansitan Zhuang (Monty)  
**Absent with apologies**: Joshua Reiner  
**Absent without apologies**: N/A  
**Chair**: Omar Choudhry  
**Minutes**: Omar Choudhry

<u>1. Review of Minutes of Last Meeting</u>

- Created register and login modals
- Created popup markers for all locations
- Created manager dashboard
- Completed backend booking system

<u>2. Review of Actions from Previous Meetings</u>  
|Number| Date| Action | Who | When | Status|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1| 25.2.22| Working on the frontend customer interface| Will, Monty, Hashir| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|
|2| 25.2.22| Working on the frontend manager and employee interfaces| Josh, Mohammed, Omar| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|
|3| 22.2.22| Working on the backend, testing, continuous integration, merge requests and consulting frontend development and designs| Alex| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|

<u>3. Discussion of Progress</u>

- Work on popups for location markers
- Work on manager interface
- Work on customer interface account management

<u>4. Risks and Issues</u>

- All members need to commit
- Should work on making reusable and useful code

<u>5. Actions Arising</u>  
|Number| Date| Action | Who | When | Status|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1| 25.2.22| Working on the frontend customer interface| Will, Monty, Hashir| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|
|2| 25.2.22| Working on the frontend manager and employee interfaces| Josh, Mohammed, Omar| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|
|3| 22.2.22| Working on the backend, testing, continuous integration, merge requests and consulting frontend development and designs| Alex| 25.3.22| Partially Complete|

<u>6. Date and Time of Next Meeting</u>  
**Date**: 09.03.2022  
**Start Time**: 19:00  
**Location**: Online using Discord

## END
