# Minutes of April 18th Group Meeting

## COMP2913 Software Engineering Project Group Project

**Date**: 18.4.2022  
**Start Time**: 02:00  
**End Time**: 03:00  
**Location**: Online using Discord

**Present**: Hashir Ali, Omar Choudhry, Mohamed Fakeih, Alexandru-Iulian Magan, Joshua Reiner, William Toon, Diansitan Zhuang (Monty)  
**Absent with apologies**: N/A  
**Absent without apologies**: N/A  
**Chair**: Omar Choudhry  
**Minutes**: Omar Choudhry

<u>1. Review of Minutes of Last Meeting</u>

- Application integrations are complete
- Ordering system has been reworked
- Should use react-table for the unified table
- Routing is complicated, but can be done
- Refactored manager interface on Figma
- Payment interface needs work. Probably need to abandon Stripe
- Responsive navigation menus somewhat working. Needs some work including bug fixing

<u>2. Review of Actions from Previous Meetings</u>  
|Number| Date| Action | Who | When | Status|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1| 05.04.22| Work on creating a unified table for management interfaces| Ali | 18.4.22| Incomplete|
|2| 05.04.22| Complete final integrations| Omar| 18.4.22| Complete|
|3| 05.04.22| Implement react router | Mohamed| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|4| 05.04.22| Rework ordering system on the backend| Alex| 18.4.22| Complete|
|5| 05.04.22| Work on refactoring user interface with Figma| Josh| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|6| 05.04.22| Design and implement payment interface| Will| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|7| 05.04.22| Design and implement responsive navigation menus| Monty| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|

<u>3. Discussion of Progress</u>

- Final tasks which remain
- Create unified input components
- Replace alert boxes with notifications
- Refactor frontend code
- Redesign booking confirmation emails
- Create a separate view for extensions and cancellations
- Add commenting
- Implement styling using ESLint Google JavaScript style

<u>4. Risks and Issues</u>

- Careful about deadline for final demo

<u>5. Actions Arising</u>  
|Number| Date| Action | Who | When | Status|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1| 18.04.22| Complete Wiki| Omar| 01.5.22| Partially Complete|
|2| 18.04.22| Generate documentation for backend| Alex| 01.5.22| Incomplete|
|3| 18.04.22| Generate documentation for frontend| Omar| 01.5.22| Incomplete|
|4| 18.04.22| Set up GitLab runner| Omar| 01.5.22| Incomplete|
|5| 18.04.22| Implement ESLint styling | Omar| 01.5.22| Incomplete|
|6| 18.04.22| Booking confirmation emails| Josh| 24.4.22| Partially Complete|
|7| 18.04.22| Replace alert boxes with notifications| Mohamed| 24.4.22| Partially Complete|
|8| 18.04.22| Create separate extension and cancellation views| Will | 24.4.22| Incomplete|
|9| 05.04.22| Work on creating a unified table for management interfaces| Ali | 18.4.22| Incomplete|
|10| 05.04.22| Implement react router | Mohamed| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|11| 05.04.22| Work on refactoring user interface with Figma| Josh| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|12| 05.04.22| Design and implement payment interface| Will| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|
|13| 05.04.22| Design and implement responsive navigation menus| Monty| 18.4.22| Partially Complete|

<u>6. Date and Time of Next Meeting</u>  
**Date**: 04.04.2022  
**Start Time**: 16:45  
**Location**: Online using Discord

## END
