# Minutes

This directory contains all documented minutes for meetings taken place during the `inertia` project.

There were 4 formal meetings in this sprint:

- [31st January](https://gitlab.com/sc20aim/inertia/-/blob/main/documentation/minutes/Group%20Project%20Minutes%202022.31.1.docx)
- [22nd February](https://gitlab.com/sc20aim/inertia/-/blob/main/documentation/minutes/Group%20Project%20Minutes%202022.22.2.docx)
- [25th February](https://gitlab.com/sc20aim/inertia/-/blob/main/documentation/minutes/Group%20Project%20Minutes%202022.25.2.docx)
- [27th February](https://gitlab.com/sc20aim/inertia/-/blob/main/documentation/minutes/Group%20Project%20Minutes%202022.27.2.docx)

The following table shows all informal meetings. These meetings were not always exactly scheduled, however, were important in the progress of the project. All of these meetings were on Discord in our group server.

| Date       | Start Time | End Time | Members                               | Main Points of Discussion                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|------------|------------|----------|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 24/01/2022 |            |          | Ali, Omar, Josh, Mohamed, Will, Monty | Finalized group members and joined Discord server           | All members joined the project Discord server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| 26/01/2022 | 00:00      | 01:15    | Ali, Omar, Josh, Mohamed, Will, Monty | Group choice submission and choice of programming languages | Confirmed team members names and usernames for group choice submission. Discussed each members strongest programming language. Also discussed pair programming approach.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 31/01/2022 | 13:10      | 14:25    | Ali, Omar, Josh, Mohamed, Will, Monty | Shared folder and contact details                           | Created shared OneDrive folder for project and sent all contact details. Discussed team name choice. Created GitLab repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 31/01/2022 | 17:20      | 22:20    | Omar, Will                            | ER Modelling                                                | Began work on ER modelling and discussed features to be implemented in solution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 01/02/2022 | 10:30      | 10:50    | Omar, Alex, Will                      | ER Modelling                                                | Discussed further features to implement and strategy of implementation. Also discussed use of composite keys in the database.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| 02/02/2022 | 12:00      | 13:00    | Omar, Mohamed, Alex, Will             | Backlog features and repository branches                    | Discussed brief plan for sprint 1, interfaces, automating bookings and branches for the repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 02/02/2022 | 15:45      | 16:00    | Ali, Omar, Monty, Will                | Payment Interface Design                                    | Discussed created payment interface design.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 02/02/2022 | 18:00      | 23:00    | Omar, Will                            | ER Modelling                                                | Completed main ER modelling for the project. Used dbdiagram.io to generate visual ER modelling design and SQL table schema.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 03/02/2022 | 21:20      | 22:00    | Omar, Alex                            | Backend Implementation                                      | Discussed separate backend in C# - a webserver answering to https requests, returning a json file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| 06/02/2022 | 15:45      | 17:15    | Omar, Josh, Alex                      | Architecture, tools and technologies                        | Discussed architecture, tools and technology choices and mitigation plan. Discussed feasibility of mobile app and desktop app. Also discussed choice of programming language and frameworks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| 09/02/2022 | 12:20      | 12:35    | Omar, Alex, Will                      | ER Modelling                                                | Discussed adding ability for unregistered users bookings and removing certain extra out of scope features.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 11/02/2022 | 15:00      | 20:30    | Ali, Omar, Josh, Will, Monty          | Interface Designs                                           | Discussed created manager interface design and ideas for employee interface design. Discussed features to implement for manager frontend. Discussed discrete vs variable options for bookings, which HTML widgets to use, details on user booking interface screen. Also discussed discounts implementation and a background image for designs.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 15/02/2022 | 18:00      | 19:15    | Omar, Josh                            | Manager Interface Design                                    | Discussed updated manager interface desings, login screen and features for employee frontend. Created shared OneDrive folder to store all designs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| 15/02/2022 | 20:40      | 20:45    | Ali, Omar, Monty                      | Payment Interface Design                                    | Discussed designs for payment interface for mobile and web app. Discussed features to implement and what should be displayed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| 17/02/2022 | 19:40      | 20:20    | Omar, Mohamed, Alex                   | Backlog tasks and GitLab issues                             | Discussed adding all backlog issues to GitLab issue board.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 17/02/2022 | 20:00      | 20:40    | All                                   | Belbin Roles                                                | Completed Belbin questionnaire and identified with Belbin roles.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 17/02/2022 | 23:15      | 00:40    | Omar, Alex                            | Creating Database                                           | Discussed creating only the most important parts of the database first; things needed to complete all the high priority tasks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| 18/02/2022 | 14:05      | 15:45    | Omar, Alex, Will                      | Scooter Booking Implementation                              | Discussed implementation regarding booking scooters, in particular, how to book, IDs, tags and scooter configuration by manager.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 18/02/2022 | 21:30      | 21:50    | Omar, Josh, Alex                      | Interim deliverable specification                           | Discussed interim deliverable tasks, Belbin roles and GitLab pipelines.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 19/02/2022 | 21:30      | 22:40    | Omar, Josh, Alex                      | GitLab issue board                                          | Added issue labels for different interfaces, backend and merge requests. Discussed registered and unregistered booking implementations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 20/02/2022 | 13:20      | 13:30    | Ali, Omar, Josh                       | Employee interface design and unifying design choices       | Discussed process for unregistered user bookings and employee interface designs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 20/02/2022 | 20:00      | 20:10    | Ali, Alex, Josh                       | Dark mode themes                                            | Discussed creating dark mode themes and colour choices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 20/02/2022 | 23:10      | 23:30    | Omar, Alex                            | Repository Style                                            | Discussed keeping the repository with clean code and directory structure rather than one that encodes meaning.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| 21/02/2022 | 20:00      | 22:20    | Ali, Omar, Josh, Alex, Will, Monty    | Design Critiques and programming choice                     | Discussed design choices not going in the right direction. They weren't what would be expected from a modern application. Some of the screenshots sent exposed database information, have rather ugly tables that could be displayed in nicer way. Disorganised design creation, needed to establish a template and a feel, create the menus and screens from there. Should draw inspiration from already existing apps as well such as Airbnb or Uber for layouts especially. Discussed using node.js and react instead of Flask. |
| 23/02/2022 | 00:30      | 01:30    | Omar, Josh, Monty                     | Reflecting on previous meeting                              | Discussed updated customer and manager interface designs, based on feedback and discussions from previous meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| 23/02/2022 | 09:00      | 10:20    | Alex, Will                            | Reflecting on previous meeting                              | Discussed what should be displayed in the interfaces, especially what should be shown from the database.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 23/02/2022 | 17:25      | 19:00    | Omar, Alex                            | Repository                                                  | Discussed pipeline limitations in GitLab, making Omar maintainer of repo, issue board labels and tests for authentication system.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| 23/02/2022 | 19:00      | 19:50    | Ali, Omar, Alex                       | Visual scooter display design                               | Discussed design choices for showing scooters on a visual map.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| 24/02/2022 | 16:00      | 17:10    | Omar, Josh, Alex, Will                | Light mode and dark mode designs                            | Discussed light mode and dark mode designs, particularly choice of colours.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 24/02/2022 | 21:10      | 02:00    | Ali, Omar, Josh, Alex, Monty          | Uniform Designs                                          | Used figma to put all main designs in a single location for easier access. Put current designs on there and make them a little more uniform. Discussed specific colour choices and created designs for specific HTML widgets (input boxes, buttons, check boxes, context menus, etc.).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 26/02/2022 | 11:30      | 13:20    | Alex, Will                            | Setting up node.js                                          | Set up node.js with react for the customer interface.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| 27/02/2022 | 01:05      | 01:20    | Omar, Alex                            | Committing documentation to repo                             | Create separate omar-docs branch and use docs: identifier in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| 27/02/2022 | 17:40 |  | Omar, Mohamed, Will, Alex | Setting up node.js and upload designs | Set up node.js with react for the staff interface. Adding staff interfaces to the repository. |
